docs: reformat and use tables in dev quick start guide (#6567)
openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server: docs/introduction/dev-environment-quick-start-guide.md

| `PRODUCT_OPENER_FLAVOR`                                           | Can be modified to run different flavors of OpenFoodFacts, amongst `openfoodfacts` (default), `openbeautyfacts`, `openpetfoodfacts`, `openproductsfacts`.|
| `PRODUCT_OPENER_FLAVOR_SHORT`                                     | can be modified to run different flavors of OpenFoodFacts, amongst `off` (default), `obf`, `oppf`, `opf`.|
| `PRODUCERS_PLATFORM`                                              | can be set to `1` to build / run the **producer platform**.|
| `ROBOTOFF_URL`                                                    | can be set to **connect with a Robotoff instance**.|
| `GOOGLE_CLOUD_VISION_API_KEY`                                     | can be set to **enable OCR using Google Cloud Vision**.|
| `CROWDIN_PROJECT_IDENTIFIER` and `CROWDIN_PROJECT_KEY`            | can be set to **run translations**.|
| `GEOLITE2_PATH`, `GEOLITE2_ACCOUNT_ID` and `GEOLITE2_LICENSE_KEY` | can be set to **enable Geolite2**.|

> | `TAG`                                                             | Is set to `latest` by default, but you can specify any Docker Hub tag for the `frontend` / `backend` images. <br> Note that this is useful only if you use pre-built images from the Docker Hub (`docker/prod.yml` override); the default dev setup (`docker/dev.yml`) builds images locally|

Reviewer: I'm not really keen on table in markdown as it is difficult to maintain. Do you think it's really worth it ?

Author: It's far more legible IMO and usually docker images have them listed as a table: https://hub.docker.com/r/linuxserver/nextcloud#Parameters

When running "make dev":

```console
<h1>Software error:</h1>
<pre>Could not load taxonomy: /mnt/podata/taxonomies/traces.result.sto at /opt/product-opener/lib/ProductOpener/Tags.pm line 1976.
Compilation failed in require at /opt/product-opener/scripts/build_lang.pl line 31, &lt;DATA&gt; line 2104.
BEGIN failed--compilation aborted at /opt/product-opener/scripts/build_lang.pl line 31, &lt;DATA&gt; line 2104.
</pre>
<p>
For help, please send mail to this site's webmaster, giving this error message
and the time and date of the error.
</p>
[Tue Apr  5 19:36:40 2022] build_lang.pl: Could not load taxonomy: /mnt/podata/taxonomies/traces.result.sto at /opt/product-opener/lib/ProductOpener/Tags.pm line 1976.
[Tue Apr  5 19:36:40 2022] build_lang.pl: Compilation failed in require at /opt/product-opener/scripts/build_lang.pl line 31, <DATA> line 2104.
[Tue Apr  5 19:36:40 2022] build_lang.pl: BEGIN failed--compilation aborted at /opt/product-opener/scripts/build_lang.pl line 31, <DATA> line 2104.
make: *** [build_lang] Error 2
```

Solution:

traces.result.sto is a symlink to allergens.result.sto

> On Windows systems, the git repository needs to be cloned with symlinks enabled.
> 
> ```console
> git clone -c core.symlinks=true git@github.com:openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server.git
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows systems, the git repository needs to be cloned with symlinks enabled.

You need to remove current directory where you clone the project, and clone the project again, using right options:

```console
git clone -c core.symlinks=true git@github.com:openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server.git
```
```

> On Windows systems, the git repository needs to be cloned with symlinks enabled.
> 
> ```console
> git clone -c core.symlinks=true git@github.com:openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server.git
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Windows systems, the git repository needs to be cloned with symlinks enabled.

You need to remove current directory where you clone the project, and clone the project again, using right options:

```console
git clone -c core.symlinks=true git@github.com:openfoodfacts/openfoodfacts-server.git
```
```
